
                                                                              PRODUCT VISION

-----> Vision:

If you enjoy meeting new people or looking for an ideal partner to go on outdoor activities and adventures, then our web app product is perfect for you.
Our goal for creating this product is to allow everyone who has a passion for adventures to connect with others to share the amazing experience.
Users can get matched with and meet adventure partners who also share the same outdoor activity interests and hobbies. 
We want to help people around the world to have an easy time in finding the right and ideal adventure partners.


----> Target Group:

Our product is a dating web app in which users can create an account to find partners or meet new people who share the same interest and passion.
We believe that most of our users are single and looking to find and meet an ideal adventure partner, either for relationship or outdoor activities.
With that being said, this product provides services to all types of users in terms of marriage status, gender, culture, and age; thus, it is not limited to users who are single.
However, this product is only available for those who are 18 years old or older. 

----> Needs:

Nowadays, due to the rise of social media and network platforms, most people use dating apps such as Tinder to find a partner or meet new people rather than going to social clubs.
However, it appears that most of the dating apps haven’t been helpful for users in finding the ideal and suitable partners. 
For example, most people get matched with people that have no common interests and hobbies.
This issue comes from the fact that most dating apps do not use the right and correct metrics to find the ideal partner for users.
For example, Their matching algorithm uses metrics that are not based on users’ hobbies and outdoor activities interest, which eventually leads the users to struggle in finding and meeting an ideal partner. 
Therefore, to solve this issue that users have been experiencing, we are creating an innovative and high-quality dating app that uses a proper matching algorithm which uses metrics based on common outdoor activities and hobbies interest.

----> Product Features & Feasibility:

The product provides high-quality services and user-friendly experience for users to find the best outdoor activities and the ideal adventure partners.
Users can customize their profile information, view other users’ profile information, like users’ profile for a possible match, and communicate with people who were matched with them by sending and receiving messages using the app’s chat section. 
Our product is different from other dating app products as we don’t require users to pay/subscribe for accessing all the product services and features. 
Our product is feasible to be built as most of the product functionalities are not complex to be implemented, and that our team has sufficient knowledge and skills, as well as all the required resources, tools and technologies to build and release the product within the assigned deadline.

----> Business Goal:

Many people are not satisfied with the features and services that most typical dating apps have, which is making the online dating industry unreliable and useless more than ever. 
Our business goal is to revolutionize the online dating industry by building and providing a high-quality dating app that has the most innovative, reliable, and trusted services to improve people’s experience and satisfy their needs, which is finding the ideal adventure partners who have common interests, outdoor activities, and hobbies.
We believe revolutionizing the online dating industry by delivering this product will positively impact the business reputation and growth.
